All right in reverse a string we're going to be reversing a string if that wasn't apparent enough.
So here we're going to pass an HELOC.
Hello.
And we'll get oil ph and will be reversed and same with howdie and then it'll be the very first way.
And they were in two different ways that we can do this just because it's a fairly simply simple example
and simple algorithm.
So why don't we should too.
Two quick way so we can knock this out.
All right so the first way that I would knock this out is I would actually just use some rain methods
so I would take the string.
I would then convert it into a character array.
So I'm going to split it up on each individual character.
And let's go ahead and start Koka.
Sorry I forgot about that.
So you see we have each visual characters I would then reverse the values in the array using the verse
or anything like join it back together become a string.
So you see that worked just fine.
So turn into a character we reverse that character and join those characters back in together with adding
no additional content so we can do that.
We could also do something that's a little bit more.
But this is a better way because we're calling a couple of different array methods here and that takes
time.
Right.
So it's not the most efficient item here.
When instead what we can do is we go ahead and create a for loop.
So we'll just create a reverse sister word.
So this equal to an empty string.
And now we go hence create a for.
Let my equal TR Layne's minus one.
And then while II is greater than zero.
Continue iterating and then high minded us.
So we're just going to decrement the for loop and eventually return reverse word here which currently
is an empty string.
The long you just do this we just want concat sequel's onto a reversed word.
So you do as G.R. I think and let's see
greater than or equal to.
Sorry about that.
So greater than or equal to zero.
Now everything is reversed.
Not too bad and this should be much faster than the other items that went through.
In reality let's we're dealing with millions of characters.
It's probably not going to matter.
But I think either solution is fine.